PA2:

How to use the scannerCSVsorter.c: 
scannerCSVsorter.c complies with three other files: scannerCSV.h, simple.c, and simple.h.

scannerCSVsorter.c:
This is the driving program for the assignment. This is the one complied by the makefile, and the one that is called to execute the processes.
	Takes in arguments from the command line: 	
	./scannerCSVsorter -c <column-name-to-be-sorted-on>
		Optional: -d <directory-path>
			Sorts from the given directory. If not given, starts at current directory.
		Optional: -o <output-directory-path>
			Creates sorted files in output directory. If not given, creates sorted file at 
      in the same location as the unsorted file.

	Functions: 		Main: checks to make sure the command line call is correct.
			Calls navDir from scannerCSVsorter.h
			Reads from info.txt for the PIDs, stores non-duplicates in an array
			Removes info.txt at the end.
			Prints the PIDS of the parents and children

scannerCSVsorter.h:
This is the header file for scannerCSVsorter.h, and contains two functions:
	
	int testCSV:
		Takes in the filepath, and the key value to be sorted on.
		Tests to see if the file is valid to be sorted.
			If the file is not a .csv, does not have a valid csv format, or if the file is
      already sorted on that key according to its name (i.e. movie_metadata-
      sorted-duration.csv), then it will return that it is not a valid file

	void navDir: 		Takes in the filepath, the key to be sorted on, the outputdir, an int samePlace,
  and another filepath for info.
			samePlace: indicator if the sorted file should be created where the
      unsorted file was found
		
		The function opens the current directory, and goes through each file calling 
    testCSV. If the file is valid, it forks a new process to do the sorting, calling sort. If
    there is a subdirectory, a fork is called to repeat the function within that
    subdirectory. Each fork is followed by a wait to make sure it finishes before the
    parent continues. Each process writes its PID to a created info.text file that the
    master process reads at the end to print out the final information.

simple.c:
This is the file with the main code from PA0, has one function:
	
	void sort:
		Takes in the filepath, the output directory, and the key to be sorted on.
		Reads the data from the csv file, storing each line in a struct, as well as the
      value of the key to be sorted on.
		If the file does not have the key as a column name, it returns with error
		Calls mergeSort from simple.h
		Writes the new sorted CSV file using the sorted linked-list
		Calls createoutputName from simple.h for the output name of the file

simple.h:
This is the header file for simple.c with helper functions/definitions.

	struct datanode: 
		the node used in the linked list

	char * createOutputName :
		Takes in output directory, the key sorted on, and the current filename
		Appends “-sorted-<key-value>.csv” on the filename
		Returns the new name

	float parseInt: 		If the value is numerical, this returns the numerical value of the data sent to it
		If no value, returns a -1 to put at beginning of list

	char * removeWhite: 		Takes in a string key, removes trailing and leading white space 
		Returns trimmed key

	struct datanode * merge:
		The merging function for mergesort, driven by merge
		Recursively calls
		Takes in pointers to the beginning of each list
		Also takes in if the string is a numerical value, to call parseInt for comparing
		Returns merged list in ascending order

	struct datanode * merge
		Takes in the start of an unsorted linked list
		Calls merge to merge sort the list

Assumptions: 	No more than 255 processes as stated within the assignment

Difficulties:
Being able to pass PIDs from children to parents without printing them too early, 
and without having the master process not tally certain PIDS from subdirectories.
    Solution: Write the PIDS to a .txt file, then read from that when all child processes
    are finished. Ignoring duplicates, this allows the data to be printed out neatly at the end.
Reading/Outputting to correct directories
    Solution: Constantly have to carry the directory path and output directory path.
    If the output directory is the same location, we then have to append onto its path
    whatever subdirectory the process fork is in.


Test Cases:
	With a directory named test, we have included multiple subdirectories to ensure the program
  correctly forks for those. We also included invalid csv files that have a .csv extension to
  ensure the program correctly flags them as invalid, as well as files that do not have a .csv
  extension to ensure the program flags them to not be sorted as well.
  
	Within the subdirectories are files that both contain and do not contain the column to be sorted
  on. If it does not, then the process ends without reading a sorted file. If it does contain that
  column, we want to ensure the sorted file is named correctly and added to the right directory.
  
	With these test cases, we called the program using only the -d flag, only the -o flag, neither,
  and both to make sure files were sorted and created in the correct places.
